docs(listbox): Add ListBox documentation (#1663)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/listbox/toolbar.md

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Move Up | `<ListBoxToolBarMoveUpTool />` | [`OnReorder`]({%slug listbox-events%}#onreorder) | Moves the selected item(s) down by one position. |
| Move Down | `<ListBoxToolBarMoveDownTool />` | [`OnReorder`]({%slug listbox-events%}#onreorder) | Moves the selected items up by one position. |
| Transfer To | `<ListBoxToolBarTransferToTool />` | [`OnTransfer`]({%slug listbox-events%}#ontransfer) | Moves the selected items to a connected ListBox component. |
| Transfer From | `<ListBoxToolBarTransferFromTool />` | [`OnTransfer`]({%slug listbox-events%}#ontransfer) | Moves the selected items from a connected ListBox component to the current one. |
| Transfer All To | `<ListBoxToolBarTransferAllToTool />` | [`OnTransfer`]({%slug listbox-events%}#ontransfer) | Moves all items to a connected ListBox component. |
| Transfer All From | `<ListBoxToolBarTransferAllFromTool />` | [`OnTransfer`]({%slug listbox-events%}#ontransfer) | Moves all items from the connected ListBox component to the current one. |
| Remove | `<ListBoxToolBarRemoveTool />` | [`OnRemove`]({%slug listbox-events%}#onremove) | Removes the selected item(s). |

> >tip The descriptions above mention the typical user operation that each button implies. However, the exact operation depends entirely on the business requirements and event handler implementation. For example:

Reviewer: I suggest removing the tip styling. Currently, you have half of the logically connected content in a tip and another half in a bullet list outside the tip. This creates a confusing incoherence.

>
* Clicking on the Remove button can apply custom disabled styling to an item, instead of removing it. The app may also prevent selection of this item through the [ListBox `SelectedItemsChanged` event]({%slug listbox-events%}#selecteditemschanged).
* Transferred items can be copied to another ListBox component, rather than moved.
* Reordered non-adjacent items can be moved with or without the gap between them.

## Custom Tools

> In addition to built-in tools, the ListBox also supports custom tools. Use the `<ListBoxToolBarCustomTool>` tag, which is a standard Blazor `RenderFragment`. See the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to built-in tools, the ListBox also supports custom tools. Use the `<ListBoxToolBarCustomTool>` tag, which is a standard Blazor `RenderFragment`. See the example under [Toolbar Configuration](#toolbar-configuration).
```

                               Enabled="@( ListBoxSelectedItems.Count() > 0 )" />
            </ListBoxToolBarCustomTool>
        </ListBoxToolBar>
    </ListBoxToolBarSettings>
</TelerikListBox>

@code {
    private List<ListBoxModel> ListBoxData { get; set; } = new List<ListBoxModel>();

    private IEnumerable<ListBoxModel> ListBoxSelectedItems { get; set; } = new List<ListBoxModel>();

    private ListBoxToolBarPosition CurrentToolBarPosition { get; set; } = ListBoxToolBarPosition.Right;

    private List<ListBoxToolBarPosition> RadioGroupData { get; set; } = new List<ListBoxToolBarPosition>() {
        ListBoxToolBarPosition.Top,
        ListBoxToolBarPosition.Right,
        ListBoxToolBarPosition.Bottom,
        ListBoxToolBarPosition.Left
    };

    protected override void OnInitialized()
    {
        for (int i = 1; i <= 7; i++)
        {
            ListBoxData.Add(new ListBoxModel()
            {
                Id = i,
                Name = $"ListBox Item {i}",
            });
        }

        base.OnInitialized();
    }

    public class ListBoxModel
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string Name { get; set; } = string.Empty;
    }
}
````

> > The `<ListBoxToolBar>` tag exposes `ChildContent` as a Blazor `RenderFragment`.

Reviewer: Same here - incoherence introduced by the mismatching styling of the list and the sentence that precedes the list.
